there's a gorilla at large he's in the
aisles in the balcony he's everywhere
get out of his way before it's too late
gorillas at large terror magnified a
hundred cold enemies of mirrors
all I know is a couple of gorillas
around here and one of them's a killer
like a mad gorilla a killer with animal
instincts that leads to violence and
death Joey we've got to be very careful
yeah
do you think he'd try anything with the
act on you saw how he tried to kill me
gorillas at large starring Cameron
Mitchell Anne Bancroft with Lee Jacob
nothing like this ever came to you
before in 3d and in Technicolor gorillas
at large the most murderous destructive
beast man has ever seen
gorilla at large in 3d and color by
Technicolor